doc: upgrade guide for logging http custom headers (#8978)
OISF/suricata: doc/userguide/upgrade.rst

- Protocol values and their names are built into Suricata instead of using the system's ``/etc/protocols`` file. Some names and casing may have changed
  in the values ``proto`` in ``eve.json`` log entries and other logs containing protocol names and values.
  See https://redmine.openinfosecfoundation.org/issues/4267 for more information.
- Custom logging of HTTP headers via suricata.yaml ``outputs.eve-log.types.http.custom``
  is now done in subobjects ``response_headers`` or ``request_headers`` (as for option ``dump-all-headers``)

>   instead than at the root of the ``http`` json object (avoids some collisions).

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
  instead of at the root of the ``http`` json object (to avoid some collisions).
```
